The format seems to be the following:
(From <http://www.minorplanetcenter.net/iau/info/OpticalObs.html>):

Columns: Format:	Content:
1-5	 A5		'Minor planet number'. I.e. Minor Planet Center Object
			ID (e.g.
			http://www.minorplanetcenter.net/db_search/show_object?object_id=2)

6-12	A7		Provisional or temporary designation. (Packed format.)
			Assigned by the observer for new or unidentified
			objects. Temporary designations must consist of
			alphanumeric characters only: do not include spaces.
			All observations of the same "new" object reported in
			the same message must have the same temporary
			designation.
			
			See
			http://www.minorplanetcenter.net/iau/info/PackedDes.html,
			and
			http://www.minorplanetcenter.net/iau/info/OldDesDoc.html

13	A1		Discovery asterisk

14	A1		Note 1
			See
			http://www.minorplanetcenter.net/iau/info/ObsNote.html

			Publishable Notes For Observations Of Minor Planets

			Alphabetic note shown with some of the observations
			are defined according to the scheme below.
			Non-alphabetic codes are used to differentiate between
			different programs at the same site and such codes
			will be defined in the headings for the individual
			observatories in the Minor Planet Circulars.

			  A  earlier approximate position inferior
			  a  sense of motion ambiguous
			  B  bright sky/black or dark plate
			  b  bad seeing
			  c  crowded star field
			  D  declination uncertain
			  d  diffuse image
			  E  at or near edge of plate
			  F  faint image
			  f  involved with emulsion or plate flaw
			  G  poor guiding
			  g  no guiding
			  H  hand measurement of CCD image
			  I  involved with star
			  i  inkdot measured
			  J  J2000.0 rereduction of previously-reported position
			  K  stacked image
			  k  stare-mode observation by scanning system
			  M  measurement difficult
			  m  image tracked on object motion
			  N  near edge of plate, measurement uncertain
			  O  image out of focus
			  o  plate measured in one direction only
			  P  position uncertain
			  p  poor image
			  R  right ascension uncertain
			  r  poor distribution of reference stars
			  S  poor sky
			  s  streaked image
			  T  time uncertain
			  t  trailed image
			  U  uncertain image
			  u  unconfirmed image
			  V  very faint image
			  W  weak image
			  w  weak solution

			The following codes are also defined. These codes are
			either restricted in their use (as indicated in the
			description below) or MUST NOT be used on
			newly-submitted observations.

			  C  correction to earlier position
			  Q  "quality" observation not measured using survey
			     reduction code (used only for code E12)
			  X  retained previously-published observation
			     replaced by remeasured/corrected observation,
			     usually discovery observation

15	A1		Note 2
			This column serves two purposes. For those
			observations which have been converted to the J2000.0
			system by rotating B1950.0 coordinates this column
			contains `A', to indicate that the value has been
			adjusted. For those observations reduced in the
			J2000.0 system this column is used to indicate how the
			observation was made. The following codes will be
			used:

		      P   Photographic (default if column is blank)
		      e   Encoder
		      C   CCD
		      T   Meridian or transit circle
		      M   Micrometer
		     V/v  "Roving Observer" observation
		     R/r  Radar observation
		     S/s  Satellite observation
		      c   Corrected-without-republication CCD observation
		      E   Occultation-derived observations
		      O   Offset observations (used only for observations of
		          natural satellites)
		      H   Hipparcos geocentric observations
		      N   Normal place
		      n   Mini-normal place derived from averaging
		          observations from video frames

			In addition, there are 'X' and 'x' which are used only
			for already-filed observations. 'X' was given
			originally only to discovery observations that were
			approximate or semi-accurate and that had accurate
			measures corresponding to the time of discovery: this
			has been extended to other replaced discovery
			observations. Observations marked 'X'/'x' are to be
			suppressed in residual blocks. They are retained so
			that there exists an original record of a discovery. 

16-32			Date of observation
			Columns 16-32 contain the date and UTC time of the
			mid-point of observation. If the observation refers to
			one end of a trailed image, then the time of
			observation will be either the start time of the
			exposure or the finish time of the exposure. The
			format is "YYYY MM DD.dddddd", with the decimal day of
			observation normally being given to a precision of
			0.00001 days. Where such precision is justified, there
			is the option of recording times to 0.000001 days. 

33-44			Observed RA (J2000.0)
			Columns 33-44 contain the observed J2000.0 right
			ascension. The format is "HH MM SS.ddd", with the
			seconds of R.A. normally being given to a precision of
			0.01s. There is the option of recording the right
			ascension to 0.001s, where such precision is
			justified.

45-56			Observed Decl. (J2000.0)
			Columns 45-56 contain the observed J2000.0
			declination. The format is "sDD MM SS.dd" (with "s"
			being the sign), with the seconds of Decl. normally
			being given to a precision of 0.1". There is the
			option of recording the declination to 0".01, where
			such precision is justified.

57-65   9X		Circular number?
			'Must be blank' (Although it's used sometimes.)

66-71   F5.2,A1		Observed magnitude and band
			(or nuclear/total flag for comets)
			The observed magnitude (normally to a precision of 0.1
			mag.) and the band in which the measurement was made.
			The observed magnitude can be given to 0.01 mag.,
			where such precision is justified. The default
			magnitude scale is photographic, although magnitudes
			may be given in V- or R-band, for example. For comets,
			the magnitude must be specified as being nuclear, N,
			or total, T.

			The current list of acceptable magnitude bands is: B
			(default if band is not indicated), V, R, I, J, W, U,
			g, r, i and z. Non-recognized magnitude bands will
			cause observations to be rejected. Addition of new
			recognised bands requires knowledge of a standard
			correction to convert a magnitude in that band to V.

			The formerly-used "C" band to indicate "clear" or "no
			filter" is no longer valid for newly-submitted
			observations, but will remain on previously-submitted
			observations.

72	A1		?

73-77	A5		Reference code
			http://www.minorplanetcenter.net/iau/info/References.html

78-80	A3		Observatory code
			Lists of observatory codes
			<http://www.minorplanetcenter.net/iau/lists/ObsCodes.html>
			are published from time to time in the MPCs. Note that
			new observatory codes are assigned only upon receipt
			of acceptable astrometric observations. 
